Unstructured data. Automate creating containers (#1155)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/unstructured_data/README.md

3. Run `npm install` and `npm start` from your terminal to locally run the Azure Function.
4. Navigate to your SQL database's Query Editor and confirm creation of all tables listed under the `reference-azure-backend/functions/src/entity` folder.

### Adding input data into Storage Account

> There were 2 containers created as part of the infra setup in te storage account: `input-documents` and `di-results`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two containers are created as a part of the infra setup in the storage account: `input-documents` and `di-results`.
```

> Input docuemnts should be places in container `input-documents` and orginized in folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input documents should be placed in container `input-documents` and organized in folders.
`di-results` container will be auto-populated by the code at a later stage.
```
